Adds docs for new placeholder prop on SidebarState (#460)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/docs/cms.md

  sidebar?: {
    hidden?: boolean
    position?: SidebarPosition

>     theme?: Theme

Reviewer: Nope, I don't think it is.

>     theme?: Theme

Reviewer 2: Alright @DaniTulp let's remove this and the `sidebar.theme` reference in the table below and then we'll merge away!

| **sidebar**          | Configures behavior of the sidebar                                                                      |
| **sidebar.hidden**   | Removes the sidebar outright                                                                            |
| **sidebar.position** | 'displace': sidebar pushes content to the side when open; 'overlay': sidebar overlaps content when open |
| **sidebar.theme** | Override certain sidebar styles |

> | **sidebar.placeholder** | Override default placeholder when there are no registered forms |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **sidebar.placeholder** | Provides a placeholder component to render in the sidebar when there are no registered forms |
```
